Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, of course, you know, when a user is trying to sign in, some of the times there might be network
delay.
And because of that the user might feel they have is not walk in because it's not getting the response
right.
Okay.
Now what they're going to do is email the user, click or log in.
They're going to have a loaded subpoena over here to tell the user that, hey, we are trying to log
you.
Now.
I asked you to do this right.
I think I asked you to do this.
Now, if for any reason you can't do this is fine as well.
I believe in consistency.
I don't really believe in this period.
I believe in consistency and mastery.
I believe, as we keep on repeating it repeatedly, to be the master of the process.
Okay.
So what you're going to do now in there to display that loaded subpoena?
They're going to create a variable.
They're going to create this variable over here, and this variable underscore is loaded.
Then they're going to set this to force the force.
Okay.
Now, you can see plus, I was to pass it time or to give it time.
So it's going to be a type of.
Because this is a true or false value.
Okay.
Now, when the.
Test is when is it going to trigger this function called log in.
Users with recreated above.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
Which create created you know, mainly with click.
Sorry.
Where do triggered this function?
First of all, you're going to set the states.
Right.
Then you're going to set this loaded.
So on this call is loaded to.
True.
So this gets it loaded.
Okay.
Then after finish signing of the sorry.
After finish signing in the user, then they're going to stop the loaded spinner.
So they're going to start.
Then they're going to sit on the score is loaded, is equal to force.
Okay, great.
They're able to use this.
So we're going to go to our test.
But in.
Okay.
Right.
So this is.
Sorry, not sign up, but log in our log in version.
Okay.
Now what they're going to do is they're going to set.
Underscore is loaded.
If the score is loaded.
Then that is this is true.
This tannery question mark is true.
If it is true, then we want to center for that.
We want to say that in this widget we are going to use.
So we're going to decide it's going to be.
The Circular Progress Indicator.
Now, what you can do since the background is in black, what you can do, you can set the color to
colors.
That's why it's okay.
Else so this is a square as we just want to display the tests.
Okay, so if you have any or you can just over on there or he's going to tell you what to do.
Okay.
Now what is control and has to save?
Now let's try to fill in.
So fields that's in the we have a username card.
I mean, it's so not easy.
And then we have an account that is just attached to it, an email called admin at G-mail.
So.
J.M..
She emailed.
It's calm.
Sorry.
Then the password is C.
Now click on log in.
Now we are having this arrow which displays hits was not the same.
The reason is that over the odd quarter the than the log in users we have made an error.
We have made a mistake.
Okay.
Now, over here we are saying if email is not empty and a password is empty, you can see this two does
not go together.
And we are using this hand when using this and we have the whole how we have the right when using this
and the symptom is good value must be true.
That is more.
Both requirements must be met.
Now over here you can see both requirements are not meant for value asset.
If it is not empty, then we are saying if it is empty, I think what is going to get confused so this
is going to be is anti but is not.
Okay.
So if email dots is not empty, the password is not empty.
So this was a very big mistake I made.
Suddenly you did not read it as well.
Okay.
Great.
Now what we're going to do is just two or three studies.
Okay.
Hopefully you able separate out yourself.
Now we're going to sign in if for any reason you've forgotten the log in this case.
So the accounts you created, you can also just create a new word.
Okay.
Now I think about one of the accounts we created is at the at --.
That's calm and the password is.
We see.
Sorry.
So they're going to click on log in.
Okay.
So you can see the log load and speed, right?
Great.
Now I think the account has been created, so that's in the account.
I think a lot of an issue with standing up and.
Using the word which signing up sign it name.
So the account has been signed in all the account as being logged in.
Okay.
So they're going to check out that to confirm this because everybody said you are now logged in on the
bug council.
Okay.
Great.
That is fine.
I did talk on this.
Not about user.
This is the idea of the user.
Right.
And it says.
And I love that.
Great.
So now you have other assignments.
The assignment is what's it going to do?
Email to click.
Email to the user, not me or we, but the user.
That is everybody as a whole that is using the app.
Now, immediately the user clicks on the log in.
We want to clear this fields.
That is the email fields and the password field.
So you're going to pause the video and do this now, whether the user click or log in, they're going
to play the value of this field fields.
That is an email that the PGA Works.
They're going to play both fields.
Okay, so now pause this video and it's like, you guys, see you in the next lecture.